 Data Types and Variables - Data Types, Void Data Types,
Ans) data types is like water bottle that if we fill water in bottle and we will petrol in same bottle we wont be able to use it again

 Compiler and interpreter
Ans)Compiler is compretable fast then interpreter.because is shows the error as same time .Compiler is special program that converts programming language into binnery code.The program is written in high level language which human can understand.such as c++,java and etc.
Interpreter is slow then compiler because when there will be an error we have to slow that error first and after that we be able to run our program.An interpreter is a program that directly execute the hight level of programming language without converting it in to machinel code.

   environment setup
	Praticel Tasks

 Basic Structure of C Programs
ans . #include<stdio.h>
	main()
	{
			
	
 Importance of C
Ans ) C is the mother of all language why we call c as mother language beacuse 
when we are small we start our studying from std1 we learn how to form word how to form sentence in c we will teach you like lkg and ukg we can complie program more faster then other 

modifers it indecates hiw much of memory has been consumed by vairable of allocated space to vairable 

 Practical Example : 1. Write a program of scanf 2. Write a program to demonstrate escape
sequence 3. Write a program to demonstrate comments

	Practical Tasks	

 Fundamentals of C
there are basiclly  types of fundamental
1)data type
2) variables
3)loops
4)condtitional statement
5)function 
6)array and string

 Comments
	Comments are very useful when you are working on some project because when there are multipal user the comments became most important

 Keywords
	Keywords are the words that have some specifci meaning and when the language has been build at that time developers had set some words in libiary for 
asseccing funcinility
 Practical Example: 1. Write a program to print (Hello World). 2. Write a program to print the
	Practical Tasks 

sum of two numbers. 3. Write a program to exchange values of two variables using the 3rd

	Practical Tasks 
variable. 4. Write a program to convert days into years and years into days.
	Practical Tasks 


keywords are like when you want something like shoes and when we search on google like mens shoes or like that this is know as key words


Comments are like when we are highlighting some thing that on this road the max speed limit is 80 that all are know as comments